In the fall of 2013, I was attending my first quarter at UC Santa Barbara. In a skateboard injury i fractured my skull and sustained a mild traumatic brain injury. Along with some ringing in the right ear that's still there to this day reminding me of that day, I also lost my sense of smell before it was cool (covid joke). My sense of smell came back after about 2 years. I remember i was pretty miserable because of losing my smell not knowing if it would come back. I remember thinking "whatever reason the universe had for putting me in this situation I hope it's a good one." 

I had really bad headaches and was easily irritated and i had to take two quarters off of school. I spent the time at home in San Jose watching movies. Eventually I watched the movie Now You See Me, where I saw Jesse Eisenberg do a card trick. It looked interesting enough where I thought "I want to learn how to do that." I went to youtube and looked up a tutorial and learned my first card trick. I started showing my friends over facetime this one card trick i knew how to do. I also showed my parents. When I eventually got back to school and moved back into my dorm, I started showing all this one card trick i knew how to do, and i fell in love with entertaining them! It was great.. until they started figuring out how the card trick was done. I had to keep the illusion up. So i started learning more card tricks. Over the next 3 years, I learned more and more card tricks. Eventually in the summer of 2016, the summer before my last year at UCSB, I decided I was good enough to call myself a magician. I carried that confidence over to on-campus organizations and performed for their student events. The highlight for me was that I partnered with an on campus org called "Life of the Party" where they set up a tent in lively night life heavy Isla Vista and handed out water to party goers while I showed them street magic. It was one of the first youtube videos I made. It makes me cringe, but to say thank you for reading this far, I'll show you video <3

And since then, the magic story continued. I met a good friend about a year after I graduated UCSB through my swim club and we both realized we were both magicians. He also happened to be a magician member 